---
layout: post
title: "Notes for 2019 SfN"
date: 2019-10-28
---

# Notes for 2019 SfN
## 1. Spatiotemporal dynamics of sound representations in the human brain
by **M.X. Lowe**<br/>
use similarity-based fusion of human MEG and fMRI responses from sounds of human voices, animals, objects, and spaces to resolve the spatiotemporal dynamics of sound processing in the human brain.

## 2. Attentional modulation of articulatory and semantic representations during multi-speaker natural speech perception
by **Ibrahim Kiremitci**<br/>
we recorded whole-brain BOLD responses during a cocktail-party task. We measured voxel-wise selectivity for spectral, articulatory and semantic features of natural speech. We examined the attention modulation in selectivity for these features across cortex. We found that the attention index i smallest at Heschl's Gyrus in the left hemisphere and Plaum Temporale in the right hemisphere.

## 3. Scene-selective brain regions show a posterior-anterior gradient for representing perceptual and conceptual information
by **Naail Khan**<br/>
how and where in the brain the neural signals associated with perceptual and conceptual processes are integrated in scene identification. Using univariate fMRI analysis, we previously demonstrated that scene-selective regions are activated by both pictures of real-world scenes and words denoting scenes. Here we demonstrate that scence-selective regions are functionally heterogeneous, showing a perceptual-to-conceptual dissociation along a posterior-to-anterior gradient.

## 4. Task-dependent population-level representations of choice and memory in human medial frontal cortex
by **Juri Minxha**<br/>
We focus on choices to identical stimuli that instead depend on switching between two types of an internal representation: image categorization (high level semantic knowledge) and recognition memory (decalative memory). Our goal is to evaluate how the neural representations of the relevant variables (image category, familiarity and choice) are affected by the taks. Our results argue that MTL representations continue to learn about the stimuli independent of the task, whereas MFC represenattions dynamically represent the current task demands and the variables that are necessary to carry out that task.

## 5. The effects of motivated forgetting on contextual memory
by **Stas Kozak**<br/>
Modification of memory for contextual information could influence impaired memory retrieval and generalization. We found that motivated forgetting modifies not only the content of the memory, but also its context.

## 6. High-order brain network dynamics support cognitive processing
by **Lucy Owen**<br/>
we developed a model of neural dynamics that takes in a feature timeseries and outputs estimated first-ordernetwork dynamics(dynamic functional correlations), second-order network dynamics(homologous netwkrs that dynamically form and disperse), and higher-order network dynamics. We found that, classifiers that incorporated second-order correlations yielded consitently higher accuracy that training on lower-order patterns. We also applied dimensionality reduction to the activity patterns, we sought to understand the dimensionality of the neural patterns taht were sufficient to decode.

## 7. Effect on entrainment by selective attention to music and speech
by **Ryosuke Matsui**<br/>
We investigate by EEG the cortical entrainment by selective attention to music and speech while music and speech were represented simultaneously. To model the selective attentions, support vector machine (SVM) was trained to classify whether the participant attended to speech or music by using features extracted from EEG with common spatial pattern method, and evaluate the cross-correlation function. We found the peak of the speech when listening to speech was larger than that when listening to music, while the peak to music didn't differ depending on the attended stream.

## 8. A cortical network model for solving the cocktail party problem using spatial attention
by **Kenny Chou**<br/>
We thought top-down control of cortical circuits for flexible spatial processing is critical for solving the cocktail party problem. Here we present a novial cortical network model that imploys attentional inhibitory modulation. We demonstrate that this mechanism enables the network to broadly monitory the auditory scene, aim the spotlight of attention to select a target sound and switch to a differnt target, in a flexible and dynamic manner.

## 9. Noise effect on auditory evoked responses to different sound locations in unilateral deafness: hemispheric asymmetry and relationships to speech perception
by **Jihyun LEE**<br/>
Conclusions: the effects of noise making on sound localization can be reflected in cortical responses in UD patients. Hemispheric asymmetry results suggest that N1/P2 measures to sound location with noise making may distinct depending on the side of deafness. Additionally the sensor level N1/P2 appears to have a better overall relationship to speech perception in UD compared to source activity.

## 10.The role of inferior frontal gyrus in speech planning for rapid conversational turn-taking.
by **Gregg A. Castellucci**<br/>
Inter-speaker gaps are typically 200 ms or less, which is shorter than the time required to initiate the production of a word in response to cue, thus significant speech planning must occur while a speaker listens to their partner's turn. Using ECoG, we isolate this planning process using a series of questions, and hypothesize that the cortical sites involved in speech planning will modulate their activity immediately following CI presentation.We observe that left inferior frontal gyrus displays increased high gamma power in response to CI. In conclusion we demonstrate that a subregion of IFG is critical to the planning processes underlying rapid turn-taking in conversion., and that this region is essential for high-level linguistic planning.

## 11. Updating the meaning of a word: Memory reactivation boosts integration into an existing memory trace.
by **Laura Kaczer**<br/>
We analyzed the contribution of memory reactivation to the process of a word's meaning updating. Results were analyzed using a linear mixed-model. Our data show that memory for updated meanings is marginally enhanced by the reminder presentation one week after training. Thus memory reactivation might be one of the mechanisms that allow the rebuilding of the mental lexicon.

## 12. The impact of predictability on memory representations.
by **Manoj Kumar**<br/>
Our memory representations are shped by our interactions with the world. Recent work has explored the implications of the non-monotonic plasticity hypothesis for integration and differentiation, which predicts a U-shaped function relating memory activation to changes in neural representations. We test the hypothesis and also study the trainsition probility.

## 13. Memory reactivation: a mechanism underlying enhanced persistence of emotional memories.
by **Noa Herz**<br/>
Memories of negative emotional events tend to persist over time relative to memories for neutral information. Such memory persistence has benen mainly attributed to heightened encoding and consolidation processes.We tested the hypothesis that spontaneous reactivations of stressful events function as part of a mechanism enhancing persistence of visual emotional memory. Results indicated that persistence of memory for scenes that intruded was enhanced relative to memory for scenes that did not intrude. We then tested whethere synchronizing lab-induced memory reactivations with inhibitory 1 Hz rTMS would impair the intensity of intrusive memories. Our fhinings point to a reactivation mechanism through which negative emotional memories gain their stabilization over time, and to potential interventions to downregulate their intensity.

## THE END
